When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When the work is important enough to back it up, when you are working on multiple computers, 
  or when you are collaborating with someone else

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It might update files while you are in the middle of creating an update and cause a merge issue

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    Fork is when you want to make a completely disconnected copy of a repository, such that you never want to reflect changes back into the original. Example would be where you want to take part of a program and use it, but build it up into an entirely different application.

    clone gives you a completely disconnected copy, but you can connect it back to the original to allow you to do remote updates.

    Branch is good for a what-if where you want to make incremental changes, with the intent of using merge to pull changes back into common branches

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can do merges and updates from the remote repository when you want to without having to be connected to the internet

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    One could either:
       - Use some tool like email to pass files back and forth and use diff to determine the differences
       - Use a repository like dropbox or google docs to share files and see what the differences are 

    and communicate via tools like skype or email to discuss changes

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

	Master is meant to be the current version of whatever you are working on, branches are meant to be a way to try variants on the main theme 
	or a staging area for sharing versions of the main theme before putting them out as "the gold standard"

